[MUSIC]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's
write our first JavaScript.
We're going to use one of those
annoying popups, and we're gonna create
a variable which is our names, and
then we're gonna popup a message.
So let's open this codepen here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So, here's my stuff.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Set a variable
to myName and popped up an alert.
You can go ahead and comment that out
if you want to keep it at the top for
a reference.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So I'll give you
guys a few minutes to do this exercise.
So add a second string,
have it be a variable name.
Add a third variable called age,
set it to your age and
then create an alert that will
popup your name and your age.
>> Brian Holt: They're asking, how to
you bring the console up in CodePen?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Same, you would go to
View > Developer > JavaScript Console.
>> Nina Zakharenko: But if you output
your results using an alert you
won't need to look in the console.
>> Speaker 3: As part of the browser,
not part of the web page.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: The console
is part of the browser-
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Not part of the webpage.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Exactly.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Thank you CodePen,
for being helpful.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So you can use
either a single or double quote but
to stay consistent,
I'm going to use double quotes.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Doesn't matter which
one you pick as long as you pick one and
stick with it.
>> Speaker 4: Are numbers just numbers,
are they integers or floats or?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Depends.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, so it does have
that capability of distinguishing.
>> Brian Holt: No, it doesn't.
>> Speaker 4: It doesen't?
>> Nina Zakharenko: No.
>> Brian Holt: Everything is a number
in JavaScript which is a float.
So doing math in JavaScript sucks.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes,
don't use JavaScript for math.
But you can declare it for a kind of-
There are libraries that can help,
we need to do like more precisely.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, everything's a float.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay,
let's do this exercise.
So, I'm gonna use Brian's name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm gonna say,
he's about 105.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Don't forget your
semi-colons like I did.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so,
we're going to use an alert and
we're gonna say name and
use a plus sign to put together strings.
And were gonna type is in here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Brian's 105 years old.